Add option to sort base on certain locale. (#1818)
gokcehan/lf: doc.md

Format string of the file time shown in the info column when it doesn't match this year.

## locale (string) (default `''`)

> An IETF BCP 47 language tag for specifying locale used when when using sort type

Reviewer: You wrote "when" twice. Also might be good to specify an example so it is helpful for users. I think try something like this: 

```suggestion
An IETF BCP 47 language tag (e.g. `zh-CN`) for specifying the locale used when using sort type
```

`natural` and `name`.

Empty string means disable locale ordering, and a special value `'*'` is used

> to indicate reading locale setting from system environment.

Author: For me personally, I have been setting my system locale set to `en-US` for a long time, so that system service won't automatically create user directories in Chinese, which are harder to type for `cd` command.

And recently, to enable Dolphin's locale sorting (a GUI file manager if you've never herd about it), I change my system locale to `zh-CN`, and I found this quite annoying.

> to indicate reading locale setting from system environment.

Reviewer: OK I had not considered the situation where a user might have media in other languages (e.g. Japanese anime being a common one). In this case I think it's probably fine to keep it as is (have both `set locale` and `setlocal locale`).

I just wasn't sure at the time whether you were just copying the related code, or whether you actually wanted this. Thanks for confirming.

> Empty string means disable locale ordering, and a special value `'*'` is used
> to indicate reading locale setting from system environment.

Reviewer: NIT: Just some grammar, hopefully this sounds better:

```suggestion
An empty string means disable locale ordering, and the special value `'*'` is used
to indicate reading the locale setting from the system environment.
```

	set sortby "time"  # string value with double quotes (backslash escapes)

Command `setlocal` is used to set a local option for a directory which can be a boolean or string.

> Currently supported local options are `dirfirst`, `dironly`, `hidden`, `info`, `reverse`, `sortby` and `locale`.

Author: See my reply on last comment.
